welcome to Japanese cooking 101 today we
are making yaki udon yaki we don't need
stir-fried udon noodles with meat and
vegetables it's a quick and easy dish
that is great for a weekday supper here
are the ingredients we have some udon
noodles
we defrosted the frozen kind this time
under running water but you can also
boil the dried noodles for the meat we
are using pork cut forced-air fries for
vegetables we have carrot green bell
pepper onion and cabbage we use
vegetable oil for stir frying and salt
and soy sauce for seasoning very simple
first we prepare the vegetables just cut
it up any way you want
we cut carrot into thin sticks and
roughly chopped cabbage and take some
seeds out of the bell pepper and slice
thinly and onion sliced thinly as well
now heat the pan at medium-high heat and
add vegetable oil first cook the meat we
like to use pork for flavor but you can
use any meat you want chicken pieces or
thinly sliced beef will also be great
when the meat is cooked add vegetables
onion and harder vegetables first just
simply stir-fry in the pan just like
making stir-fried vegetables add cabbage
and continue frying this is a great way
to use up any leftover vegetables you
may have in your refrigerator when the
vegetable gets slightly wilted add
doodle noodles and keep steer frying you
don't is of course great in soup but
these noodles have very nice texture
when fried and very filling after a
couple of more minutes we are going to
add seasonings just sprinkle some salt
and soy sauce usually we use very simple
seasonings for yaki udon you can also
use were sister sauce instead of soy
sauce if you like more savory flavor we
like to keep it simple but still tastes
really good serve it on the plate and if
you like top it with some bonito flakes
for some extra flavor and pickled ginger
when you want to finish up leftover
ingredients in a back of the
refrigerator and to eat a quick but
tasty meal this is the one to try
pushy